Improvements to deploy doc (#7505)
cypress-io/cypress: DEPLOY.md

        node scripts/test-other-projects.js --npm cypress@X.Y.Z --binary X.Y.Z
        ```
        - Test the new version of Cypress against the Cypress dashboard repo.

> 7. Deploy the release-specific documentation and changelog in [cypress-documentation](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation).
>     - Merge any release-specific documentation changes.
>     - There will usually already be a PR for the changelog. Double-check it includes items from each closed issue in the release (check the release report in ZenHub for a list of the issues).
>     - Merging into `develop` will deploy to `docs-staging` and then a PR will be automatically created against `master`. It will be automatically merged after it passes and will deploy to production.

Reviewer: Might as well provide all the details:

```suggestion
7. Deploy the release-specific documentation and changelog in [cypress-documentation](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation).
    - If there is not already a release-specific PR open, create one. You can use [`release-automations`](https://github.com/cypress-io/release-automations)'s `issues-in-release` tool to generate a starting point for the changelog, based off of ZenHub:
        ```
        cd packages/issues-in-release
        yarn do:changelog --release <release label>
        ```
    - Ensure the changelog is up-to-date and has the correct date.
    - Merge any release-specific documentation changes into the main release PR.
    - Merging this PR into `develop` will deploy to `docs-staging` and then a PR will be automatically created against `master`. It will be automatically merged after it passes and will deploy to production.
```

Author: Even better - nice!
